README.md, before:

![instauto](logo.png)

[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/986052713425027072)](https://discord.gg/Rh3KT9zyhj) [![PayPal](https://img.shields.io/badge/Donate-PayPal-green.svg)](https://paypal.me/mifino/usd)

instauto is an Instagram automation/bot library (API) written in modern, clean javascript using Google's Puppeteer. Goal is to be very easy to set up, use, and extend, and obey instagram's limits. Heavily inspired by [InstaPy](https://github.com/timgrossmann/InstaPy), but I thought it was way too heavy and hard to setup.

There is also a GUI application for those who don't want to code: [SimpleInstaBot](https://mifi.github.io/SimpleInstaBot/)


## Setup

- First install [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/) 8 or newer.
  - On MacOS, it's recommended to use [homebrew](https://brew.sh/): `brew install node`

- Create a new directory with a file like [example.js](https://github.com/mifi/instauto/blob/master/example.js)

- Adjust your `example.js` to your needs. If you want to see how it would work without doing any invasive actions, use the `dryRun: true` option. Toggle `headless` to see it in action.

- Open a terminal in the directory

- Run `npm i -g yarn`

- Run `yarn add puppeteer instauto`

- Run `node example`

You can run this code for example once every day using cron or pm2 or similar

See [index.js](https://github.com/mifi/instauto/blob/master/src/index.js) for available options.

## Supported functionality

- Follow the followers of some particular users. (e.g. celebrities.) Parameters like max/min ratio for followers/following can be set.

- Unfollow users that don't follow us back. Will not unfollow any users that we recently followed.

- Unfollow auto followed users (also those following us back) after a certain number of days.

- The code automatically prevents breaching 100 follow/unfollows per hour or 700 per 24hr, to prevent bans. This can be configured.

See [example.js](https://github.com/mifi/instauto/blob/master/example.js) for example of features

## Tips
- Run this on a machine with a non-cloud IP to avoid being banned

## Troubleshooting

- If it doesn't work, make sure your instagram language is set to english

## Running on Raspberry Pi

Because puppeteer chrome binaries are not provided for RPi, you need to first install chromium using apt.

Then replace your puppeteer launch code:

```js
browser = await puppeteer.launch({
    executablePath: '/usr/bin/chromium-browser',
    headless: true,
    args: ['--disable-features=VizDisplayCompositor'],
});
```

See also:
- https://github.com/GoogleChrome/puppeteer/issues/550
- https://github.com/GoogleChrome/puppeteer/issues/3774

Also you might want to install the more lightweight package `puppeteer-core` instead of `puppeteer`.

## Running with pm2
First install [pm2](https://github.com/Unitech/pm2). (`npm i -g pm2`) Then copy [instabot.yml](https://github.com/mifi/instauto/blob/master/instabot.yml) into the same dir as `example.js` and run:

```bash
pm2 start instabot.yml
pm2 save
pm2 startup
```

Now it will run automatically on reboot! 🙌

## Running in Docker

We've added a Docker support for instauto! In the **environment** section of your `docker-compose.yml` you need to specify your configuration for login and performance. If you want to raise another container, just copy the service with diff name and run the compose. You'll need to specify different ports.

```bash
docker-compose --profile instauto up -d
```

## Donate 🙈

This project is maintained by me alone. The project will always remain free and open source, but if it's useful for you, consider supporting me. :) It will give me extra motivation to improve it.

[Paypal](https://paypal.me/mifino/usd) | [crypto](https://mifi.no/thanks)

## Credits

- Icons made by [smalllikeart](https://www.flaticon.com/authors/smalllikeart) & [Freepik](https://www.flaticon.com/authors/freepik) from [www.flaticon.com](https://www.flaticon.com/)
- Docker compose by https://github.com/maxxxdj

---

Made with ❤️ in 🇳🇴

[More apps by mifi.no](https://mifi.no/)

Follow me on [GitHub](https://github.com/mifi/), [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC6XlvVH63g0H54HSJubURQA), [IG](https://www.instagram.com/mifi.no/), [Twitter](https://twitter.com/mifi_no) for more awesome content!

Commit message:

fix: downgrade to compatible puppeteer version, install instructions
Fixes mifi/instauto#145

README.md, after:

![instauto](logo.png)

[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/986052713425027072)](https://discord.gg/Rh3KT9zyhj) [![PayPal](https://img.shields.io/badge/Donate-PayPal-green.svg)](https://paypal.me/mifino/usd)

instauto is an Instagram automation/bot library (API) written in modern, clean javascript using Google's Puppeteer. Goal is to be very easy to set up, use, and extend, and obey instagram's limits. Heavily inspired by [InstaPy](https://github.com/timgrossmann/InstaPy), but I thought it was way too heavy and hard to setup.

There is also a GUI application for those who don't want to code: [SimpleInstaBot](https://mifi.github.io/SimpleInstaBot/)


## Setup

- First install [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/) 8 or newer.
  - On MacOS, it's recommended to use [homebrew](https://brew.sh/): `brew install node`

- Copy `example.js` to `config.js` and adjust it to your needs. If you want to see how it would work without doing any invasive actions, use the `dryRun: true` option. Toggle `headless` to see it in action.

- Run `npm i -g yarn`

- Run `yarn install --frozen-lockfile`

- Run `node config.js`

You can run this code for example once every day using cron or pm2 or similar

See [index.js](https://github.com/mifi/instauto/blob/master/src/index.js) for available options.

## Supported functionality

- Follow the followers of some particular users. (e.g. celebrities.) Parameters like max/min ratio for followers/following can be set.

- Unfollow users that don't follow us back. Will not unfollow any users that we recently followed.

- Unfollow auto followed users (also those following us back) after a certain number of days.

- The code automatically prevents breaching 100 follow/unfollows per hour or 700 per 24hr, to prevent bans. This can be configured.

See [example.js](https://github.com/mifi/instauto/blob/master/example.js) for example of features

## Tips
- Run this on a machine with a non-cloud IP to avoid being banned

## Troubleshooting

- If it doesn't work, make sure your instagram language is set to english

## Running on Raspberry Pi

Because puppeteer chrome binaries are not provided for RPi, you need to first install chromium using apt.

Then replace your puppeteer launch code:

```js
browser = await puppeteer.launch({
    executablePath: '/usr/bin/chromium-browser',
    headless: true,
    args: ['--disable-features=VizDisplayCompositor'],
});
```

See also:
- https://github.com/GoogleChrome/puppeteer/issues/550
- https://github.com/GoogleChrome/puppeteer/issues/3774

Also you might want to install the more lightweight package `puppeteer-core` instead of `puppeteer`.

## Running with pm2
First install [pm2](https://github.com/Unitech/pm2). (`npm i -g pm2`) Then copy [instabot.yml](https://github.com/mifi/instauto/blob/master/instabot.yml) into the same dir as `example.js` and run:

```bash
pm2 start instabot.yml
pm2 save
pm2 startup
```

Now it will run automatically on reboot! 🙌

## Running in Docker

We've added a Docker support for instauto! In the **environment** section of your `docker-compose.yml` you need to specify your configuration for login and performance. If you want to raise another container, just copy the service with diff name and run the compose. You'll need to specify different ports.

```bash
docker-compose --profile instauto up -d
```

## Donate 🙈

This project is maintained by me alone. The project will always remain free and open source, but if it's useful for you, consider supporting me. :) It will give me extra motivation to improve it.

[Paypal](https://paypal.me/mifino/usd) | [crypto](https://mifi.no/thanks)

## Credits

- Icons made by [smalllikeart](https://www.flaticon.com/authors/smalllikeart) & [Freepik](https://www.flaticon.com/authors/freepik) from [www.flaticon.com](https://www.flaticon.com/)
- Docker compose by https://github.com/maxxxdj

---

Made with ❤️ in 🇳🇴

[More apps by mifi.no](https://mifi.no/)

Follow me on [GitHub](https://github.com/mifi/), [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC6XlvVH63g0H54HSJubURQA), [IG](https://www.instagram.com/mifi.no/), [Twitter](https://twitter.com/mifi_no) for more awesome content!
